Docs: Add explanatory videos and resources (#437)
surrealdb/docs.surrealdb.com: doc-surrealdb_versioned_docs/version-1.x/surrealql/statements/select.mdx

-- Succeeds
SELECT * FROM ONLY table_name LIMIT 1;
```

## Learn more

> To learn more about using the `SELECT` statement to retrive data from SurrealDB, check out this exaplainer video: 

Author: ```suggestion
To learn more about using the `SELECT` statement to retrieve data from SurrealDB, check out this explainer video: 
```
